so teach what are the test results Teddy
you my friend are dyslexic you also have
this calculus that's what I got
we're not done you also have a
processing disorder I got a touch of
prostate cancer she didn't touch my ass
one time boy welcome to night school
we need to cram four years of high
school into a semester I think his mama
breastfed him being they do prestige in
the conventional way just isn't gonna
get it done why we in room with the
square root of 81
what with the square root of 81 this
woman is a brick wall you either pass
the midterm or you out of my class
perhaps to test you want to explain to
me how you got a perfect boy I know I
didn't get a perfect score because I
missed a few on purpose snitches are
what I'm going to work come to
get you chicken from the Lord
Teddy hey suit you got on its dermis hey
I am where I'm supposed to be at a fast
food point next to a strip club rusty in
the right spot
I could smell cocoa butter and fried
chicken at the same time
you can get out my way be ready to get
started I'm not playing with you that's
the capital Belgian waffles you starting
to force my hand
water is comprised of rain you got it
right Betty where's that smell
now that's again you bust ass in my face
it's in my mouth got my lips
[Music]